Fix parsing of walrus operator in complex with statements (#4630)
psf/black: CHANGES.md

<!-- Changes that affect Black's stable style -->
- Fix crash while formatting a long `del` statement containing tuples (#4628)

> - Fix crash while formatting names expressions in complex `with` statements (#4630)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix crash while formatting expressions using the walrus operator in complex `with` statements (#4630)
```
I think you meant "named" instead of "names" expressions. That's the formal name but I think "walrus" will be more recognizable to most readers. (Might need reformatting for line length)
